File 03: Chuck Norris invented Kentucky Fried Chicken's famous secret recipe, with eleven herbs and spices. But nobody ever mentions the twelfth ingredient: Fear. Chuck Norris invented Kentucky Fried Chicken's famous secret recipe, with eleven herbs and spices. But nobody ever mentions the twelfth ingredient: Fear, The leading causes of death in the United States are: 1. Heart Disease 2. Chuck Norris 3. Cancer.

Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs. When Chuck Norris sends in his taxes, he sends blank forms and includes only a picture of himself, crouched and ready to attack. Chuck Norris has not had to pay taxes, ever Chuck Norris can destroy a country with a hand gun...without reloading. The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Chuck Norris out. It failed miserably.

A Handicapped parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there. Chuck Norris doesn't churn butter. He roundhouse kicks the cows and the butter comes straight out, The chief export of Chuck Norris is Pain Chuck Norris doesn't churn butter. He roundhouse kicks the cows and the butter comes straight out Chuck Norris turns the sun off at night, There is no chin behind Chuck Norris' beard. There is only another fist When Chuck Norris sends in his taxes, he sends blank forms and includes only a picture of himself, crouched and ready to attack. Chuck Norris has not had to pay taxes, ever Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush, Crop circles are Chuck Norris' way of telling the world that sometimes corn needs to lie down. Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink, Chuck Norris uses pepper spray to spice up his steaks. Chuck Norris was to star in Mission:Impossible but they recasted because they would've had to change the name of the movie to Mission:Accomplished, Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink, What was going through the minds of all of Chuck Norris' victims before they died? His shoe.